for gaza's children nowhere is
safe even in places of worship they
continue to be targeted by Israel
attacks yesterday we went to the mosque
to pray at Sunset we kneeled the first
time and suddenly we found people all
over the place I was under a bunch of
rocks and other people were under the
rubble gazza's Health Ministry says at
least 5,000 children have been killed in
Israeli attacks since October 7
that's about 114 children killed every
day the charity save the children says
this is more than the annual number
killed across the world's conflict areas
since
2019 I was walking and I heard backto
back shelling and I fell to the ground I
was unconscious for maybe 15 seconds
then I heard the sound of screaming and
yelling so I looked at my leg and I
found it ripped open and bleeding a lot
of
blood it's not just the physical
injuries parents say the war is having
an impact on their children's mental
health if they see a flying pigeon they
think it's a rocket when a child wakes
up they ask me when these air strikes
will end if a door closes in the house
they think it's an air strike the
children have lived a life that made
them older than their actual age they're
not children
anymore the United Nations says the
situation for young people in Gaza is
desperate and has been calling for a
ceasefire for weeks children do not
start wars conflicts they are absolutely
powerless to stop them but they suffer
extraordinarily during these times
either because they're directly impacted
or because all the services they depend
on are
disrupted as Israel steps up its attacks
parents in Gaza pray that the desperate
cries of their wounded children will
lead to a ceasefire Hamza Muhammad Al
jaaz
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jazer